so here we have a top sirloin this is a primal
muscle as it is and so we're going to be talking
about it from all the different ways that
we can work with it this is one of the most
versatile muscles uh within the beef and
so because of that a lot of chefs really prize
it because of so many different functions that it
has, now it's made up of three main muscles if i
were to tell you the equivalent on your body this
is essentially the gluteus maximus and minimus
of the animal, so to
take a look at what these muscles are
on the bottom we have what's called the
sirloin cap this sirloin cap in other
parts of the world especially in areas that
speak portuguese is referred to as the picanha
then once you remove the cap you have
two main muscles you have what's called either
the butt or the heart and then you have
the baseball which is cut into medallions